Small change on line 343 and line 345. (#5044)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/GettingStarted.asciidoc

the `client.conf`, i.e. sections for each machine, e.g. `localhost`.

[[get-testing]]

> == Testing openQA on openSUSE or Fedora

Reviewer: This completely reverses meaning of title, 

This isn't about testing openQA on some distribution but about testing distro in openQA

Author: Oops! Sorry my fault. 😔

Reviewer 2: If you find it helpful you could phrase it the other way around:

```suggestion
== Testing openSUSE or Fedora with openQA
```

> An easy way to start using openQA is to start testing on openSUSE or Fedora as they

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An easy way to start using openQA is to run openSUSE or Fedora tests as they
```
